README.md, before:

# Employee_Tracker
## SQL Challenge
## Description

Video Link:

Repo Link: https://github.com/maymyatnoehtet/Employee_Tracker

## Installation

## User Story

```
AS A business owner
I WANT to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company
SO THAT I can organize and plan my business
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am presented with the following options: view all departments, view all roles, view all employees, add a department, add a role, add an employee, and update an employee role

WHEN I choose to view all departments
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing department names and department ids

WHEN I choose to view all roles
THEN I am presented with the job title, role id, the department that role belongs to, and the salary for that role

WHEN I choose to view all employees
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing employee data, including employee ids, first names, last names, job titles, departments, salaries, and managers that the employees report to

WHEN I choose to add a department
THEN I am prompted to enter the name of the department and that department is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add a role
THEN I am prompted to enter the name, salary, and department for the role and that role is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add an employee
THEN I am prompted to enter the employee’s first name, last name, role, and manager, and that employee is added to the database

WHEN I choose to update an employee role
THEN I am prompted to select an employee to update and their new role and this information is updated in the database
```

Commit message:

update readme installation and user insturction

README.md, after:

# Employee_Tracker
## SQL Challenge
## Description

Video Link:

Repo Link: https://github.com/maymyatnoehtet/Employee_Tracker

## Installation
1. Express.js Version 4.18.2
2. Inquirer.js Version 8.2.4
3. mysql2 Version 3.3.1

## Usage Instruction
1. Clone the repository
2. Open integrated terminal
3. npm install -> Installation
4. node index.js to run the application
5. Use 'UP' and 'DOWN' arrow keys on the keyboard to do selection.

## User Story

```
AS A business owner
I WANT to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company
SO THAT I can organize and plan my business
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am presented with the following options: view all departments, view all roles, view all employees, add a department, add a role, add an employee, and update an employee role

WHEN I choose to view all departments
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing department names and department ids

WHEN I choose to view all roles
THEN I am presented with the job title, role id, the department that role belongs to, and the salary for that role

WHEN I choose to view all employees
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing employee data, including employee ids, first names, last names, job titles, departments, salaries, and managers that the employees report to

WHEN I choose to add a department
THEN I am prompted to enter the name of the department and that department is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add a role
THEN I am prompted to enter the name, salary, and department for the role and that role is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add an employee
THEN I am prompted to enter the employee’s first name, last name, role, and manager, and that employee is added to the database

WHEN I choose to update an employee role
THEN I am prompted to select an employee to update and their new role and this information is updated in the database
```
